Fix redwood root schema definition link on GraphQL docs page (#5896)
redwoodjs/redwood: docs/docs/graphql.md

}
```

> How is this possible? Via Redwood's [root schema](https://github.com/redwoodjs/redwood/blob/34a6444432b409774d54be17789a7109add9709a/packages/api/src/makeMergedSchema/rootSchema.ts#L14-L29). The root schema is where things like currentUser are defined.

Reviewer: The root schema lives in the graphql-server package now
```suggestion
How is this possible? Via Redwood's [root schema](https://github.com/redwoodjs/redwood/blob/main/packages/graphql-server/src/rootSchema.ts#L27-L44). The root schema is where things like currentUser are defined.
```

Reviewer: Yeah searching for a file like that will almost never work 😔 sign up for https://cs.github.com/ if you haven't yet, it's super good!

}
```

> How is this possible? Via Redwood's [root schema](https://github.com/redwoodjs/redwood/blob/4237e6a2530f55a83d683fdbf9ada887e4f4ec66/packages/graphql-server/src/rootSchema.ts#L27-L44). The root schema is where things like currentUser are defined.

Reviewer: Ah I approved this a little too eagerly—what's the motivation for pointing to a commit instead of main? I'm guessing the answer may be something along the lines of main changes, but commits don't. But now we're pointing to old code, and still have to know when to update it anyway. (Except now it won't break in our face, so it may be harder to fix?)
